

Pros and Cons of Indexing

definition and advantages of Stored Procedures(SP)

What are constraints in database?

How can I put a constraint that whenever some data is inserted in Table X than it should first check the insertion values based on some aggregate values from the
tuples already in X. If the constraint is satisfied then insert it else don't insert it?

Views

stored procedures 

function and procedures (benefits , diff ,bw them etc)

ek table ko normalize krwaya final state me ,

query chalani thi count ki , on normalized table jo kia tha

join ki and cont ki query mila k chalani thi ek

Circular dependence in database

Why do we normalize database

Types of normalization and definitions

difference bw candidate key and unique key

ERD bnao university, teacher, student, course relation define karo

join kitny trah k hty hy?

self join kia hta hy? example de skty hy self join ki?

aik self join dia
ID Name ManagerID
1 Ali 2
2 Iqbal NULL
ismein Manager k name print kar k dou.

upar jo erd bnai hy ismein s konse bachay ny sab s zayda course uthaye huay hy ?
aur second highest kis ny courses liye huay name print karo.

primary key kia hti hy?

super key kia hti hy?

composite key kia hti hy?

kia foreign ki hamesha unique hgi?

kia composite key hamesha unique hgi?

kia normalization k koi drawback b hty hy?

indexing kia hti hy? indexing kio use kartay hy? kitni trah ki hti hy?

triggers kia hty hy?

store procduere zayda efficient hy ya simple sql ki query?

clustering ka concept hy kuch database mein?

triggers and stored procedures

Outer and Inner Join 

Full Join

Which join is fast and why ? 

if primary key contain unique values to primary key kyun bane jab kai unique key hai to ? (B/c primary does not contain null values)

Erd of scenerio (library sai related tha) and us par ek query)

Humhare pas aik table tha hum har dafa 3 se 4 queries lkhte hain ismain magar aik querry nhi chali ab kya karen? database inconsistant hojaiga jab dobara chalo ge wohi queries? kaise masla hal hoga? 

Commit kaha tumnai, roll back kaha, transaction kaha sabko explain karain

Database schema banaya queries likhwaen 2 aik main join lag raha tha aik main nhi, phir is main se hi 4 scenarios diye our is main 4 result btane thai

Inner join se
left join 
right join 
full outer join
cross join our outer join ka difference btao

define entity, attribute, relationship

types of relationships explain all

ERD of flight schedule system, passengers, flights un ki bookings wagaira, seats arival departure etc

sql query for no of passengers everyday in a single flight
duration of flights
passengers travelling from one country to another

What is DML AND DDL?

What are commands in sql ? Like Insert 

In which we do autocommit and manual commit ? DDL or DML?

Character Functions  -(Why to use)

Conversion functions

Aggregrate Functions ? what are they?

What is PL/SQL?

What is SQL?

Write a query to retrieve last two rows of the table.

What are anomalies??

1:m relationship and foreign key

m:m relationship and how many tables and why?

what is composite key?

what are Outer Joins? left join? right join

when Outer joins exists so whats the purpose of inner joins? what is the difference b/w them

What is self join? examples?

what is stored procedure and what are its advantages

What is views and when to use it?

Differences between procedure and function

Can Foreign Key be NULL.

Why do we need to de-normalization

Make Library Database System, with two tables, (student and books) and query it using join



